Don't bother, don't bother.
I like talking to Xiaobing.
So pretty. How old are you this year.
Are there any brothers or sisters at home?
Grandma also has several grandchildren who are married.
You can introduce it to them.
Twenty-one grandma. grandmother.
Time is running out today. I'll take you back first.
Grandpa, let’s go first. I'll send it to grandma. Grandma, let’s go. Walk, walk, good boy.
Grandma meets you for the first time
I just like you
Put it on this ground
Bought spices for delivery
Grandma gave it to you to carry on my back
Grandma will be rich in the future
really for you
Grandma, thank you, Grandma Lin. Grandma, Grandma.
You go first, grandma
It's better if time doesn't go away
Grandma, take a walk